Document new way to indicate cross-posts (#224)
ropensci-org/blog-guidance: editor.Rmd

blogguidance::show_checklist("editor-checklist.csv")
```

### Check cross-posting metadata

If the post is cross-posted on other website(s), indicate it like so in the YAML metadata of the post:

```yaml
crossposts:
- name: website1 name
  url: url to post on website1
- name: website2 name
  url: url to post on website2
```

> This is to make the cross-post alert appear ([example](https://ropensci.org/blog/2023/08/01/r-universe-and-cran/)
> as well as to make the cross-post metadata appear in the JSON feed that Rogue Scholar consumes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is to ensure the cross-post alert appears ([example](https://ropensci.org/blog/2023/08/01/r-universe-and-cran/)
as well as to make the cross-post metadata visible to the JSON feed that Rogue Scholar uses.
```
